# My Electron, React and ThreeJS

## React Examples

### How to
1. Put one of the example HTML file into the main directory and change name to "index.html". Use "Live Server" vscode plugin to check the result.

### Contents
1. 01 - createElement and JSX example.
2. 02 - useState example.
3. 03 - useState Advanced example.
4. 04 - Memo and Prop-Types function example.

### File information
1. `package.json`: automatically generated by `npm init` command. Contains application information, dependencies, scripts and more settings for the application.
2. `package-lock.json`: Contains exact version for dependencies.
3. `.babelrc`: Use to run specific plug-ins or transforms (rules) in subdirectories or files.
4. `tsconfig.json`: Contains typescript compile options and root file.
5. `webpack.config.js`: Set webpack entry, output, loaders, plugins, devServer and devTool.
6. `webpack.config.dev.js`: Webpack setting for development.

### Package information

#### Common
1. `@types/*`: Packages that make typescript compatible.

#### React - User Interface Library
1. `react`: react module.
2. `react-dom`: provides DOM-specific methods that can be used at the top level of your app and as an escape hatch to get outside the React model if you need to.

#### Material UI - React UI kit
1. `@mui/material`: comprehensive library of components that features our implementation of Google's Material Design system.
2. `@emotion/react`: Simple styling in React.
3. `@emotion/styled`: The styled API for @emotion/react.

#### Redux
1. `@reduxjs/toolkit`: Predictable Status Container for JavaScript Apps.
2. `react-redux`: Official React binding for Redux.

#### Typescript - Language
1. `typescript`: typescript module.

#### Webpack - Bundler
1. `webpack`: module bundler.
2. `webpack-cli`: webpack CLI provides a flexible set of commands for developers to increase speed when setting up a custom webpack project.
3. `webpack-dev-server`: Use webpack with a development server that provides live reloading. This should be used for development only.
4. `babel-loader`: Allows transpiling JavaScript files using Babel and webpack.
5. `css-loader`: Interprets @import and url() like import/require() and will resolve them.
6. `style-loader`: Inject CSS into the DOM.
7. `file-loader`: Resolves import/require() on a file into a url and emits the file into the output directory.
8. `url-loader`: A loader for webpack which transforms files into base64 URIs.
9. `html-loader`: Exports HTML as string. HTML is minimized when the compiler demands.
10. `html-webpack-plugin`: Plugin that simplifies creation of HTML files to serve your bundles

#### Babel - A free and open-source JavaScript transcompiler
1. `@babel/core`: Babel compiler core.
2. `@babel/preset-env`: A Babel preset for each environment.
3. `@babel/preset-react`: Babel preset for all React plugins.
4. `@babel/preset-typescript`: Babel preset for TypeScript.

#### Electron
1. `electron`: The Electron framework lets you write cross-platform desktop applications using JavaScript, HTML and CSS. It is based on Node.js and Chromium and is used by the Atom editor and many other apps.
2. `electron-builder`: A complete solution to package and build a ready for distribution Electron app for MacOS, Windows and Linux with “auto update” support out of the box.
3. `electron-store`: Simple data persistence for your Electron app or module - Save and load user preferences, app state, cache, etc.
4. `@electron/remote`: an Electron module that bridges JavaScript objects from the main process to the renderer process. This lets you access main-process-only objects as if they were available in the renderer process.
5. `electron-log`:  A Simple logging module for your Electron or NW.js application.

#### Three
1. `@react-three/fiber`: A React renderer for threejs.
2. `@types/three`: Threejs definition for typescript.

#### sqlite - FE DB.
1. `sql.js`: Javascript SQL database. It allows you to create a relational database and query it entirely in the browser.

#### ESLint
1. `eslint`:  Tool for identifying and reporting on patterns found in ECMAScript/JavaScript code.
2. `@typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin`: Typescript plugin for ESLint.
3. `@typescript-eslint/parser`: An ESLint custom parser which leverages TypeScript ESTree.

#### Prettier
1. `prettier`: Code formatter.
2. `eslint-plugin-prettier`: Runs prettier as an eslint rule.

### Reference
1. `sql.js`: https://cpro95.tistory.com/500
2. `Draw ERD`: https://dbdiagram.io/